--- Boris Bankov ---
Here are my answers:
1. I don't really know and I refuse to "just pick a title".
2. The self-discovery involved in the process. There is so much chaos in our heads, especially if we think about our lives. Out of it, every once in a while, something brilliant might come up. Art in general, but writing in particular, helps us sift through the chaos and record our fascinating discoveries.
3. I both adore and fear human eyes.
4. I wouldn't write about myself. I would write about the perfect version of me - what and who I'd like to be.
You will find two versions of the same photo attached to this e-mail. I'd be willing to take a new photo sometime this week if neither version is good enough for the website. I am the polar opposite of the selfie-taking person. I mean, I don't take too many photos as it is. When I do, it is always to commemorate my being somewhere with a person/people, so I really don't have any photos of me. Couple that with my not having a fb(hence, no profile pictures etc.)
Best, B

--- Ivaylo Urder ---
My favourite book of all time would be The Children of Hurin, by J.R.R. Tolkien, although it might be more accurate to call it the most memorable book I’ve read.
What I find fascinating about writing is the vast pool of approaches one could have. You can write a comedy in combination with sci-fi, you can write historical novels with a stress on metaphysics… The options are virtually infinite.
Perhaps, this is the answer to the question about myself. I like to experiment in the sense of combining genres in the most absurd, but then again, unfamiliar and intriguing way.
I would never write about myself, for that particular reason – because I will strip the story from that absurdity that I so much like.

--- Nadezhda Dimitrova ---
Quote:
“Your shirt is wet with blood and as the soft wind blows, it gets colder and colder. Cold sweat forms on your forehead but you feel embraced by the warm pain, welcoming you home.”



Description of Story:
“The Staircase” is a short story by Nadezhda Dimitrova. While attempting to climb up three metaphorical stairs, the unnamed narrator is reflective of their own self. The juxtaposition between society, nature, and origin is paralleled by the concepts of joy and suffering, conveyed through the stark sensual imagery.



Message from Author:
Greetings! My name is Nadia Dimitrova, the assistant Editor-in-Chief of the Lux literary magazine of AAS, as well as a published writer with various literary works. My favorite writer is Hristo Smirnenski, but I also admire foreign authors, including Eugene Ionesco, William Blake, Sylvia Plath and so on. For me, each new challenge to compose or analyze poetry brings valuable new knowledge, a rewarding feeling, and an even greater love for writing.